res://Scripts/Development/API/core.gd
res://Scripts/Development/Base/base_object.gd
res://Scripts/Development/Base/tween_wrapper.gd
res://Scripts/Timeline Panel/animation_data.gd
res://Scripts/Timeline Panel/timeline_panel.gd
res://main-scene.tscn
res://Data/Object Data/base_object_data.tres
res://Data/main-theme.tres
res://Scripts/OtherObject/rect_tool_square.gd
res://Data/Object Data/base_sprite_data.tres
res://Data/Object Data/square_data.tres
res://Data/object_detail.tres
res://Data/Object Data/text_data.tres
res://Shader/rounded.gdshader
res://Prefabs/Script Panel/script_panel.tscn
res://Prefabs/Script Panel/file_item.tscn
res://Prefabs/Timeline Panel/timeline.tscn
res://Prefabs/Timeline Panel/animation_rect.tscn
res://Scripts/Base/tween_proxy.gd
res://Prefabs/ile_dialog.tscn
res://Scripts/Animake Objects/text.gd
res://Prefabs/text.tscn
res://New User/main.gd
res://Scripts/Base/base_sprite.gd
res://Scripts/Core/create.gd
res://Prefabs/square.tscn
res://Scripts/Base/base_object.gd
res://Prefabs/Animake Objects/panel.tscn
res://Scripts/panel.gd
res://Data/Object Data/panel_data.tres
res://Scripts/Animake Objects/square.gd
res://Scripts/Core/property_id_transformer.gd
res://Data/Object Property Data/base_object_data.tres
res://Data/Object Property Data/base_sprite_data.tres
res://Data/Object Property Data/panel_data.tres
res://Data/Object Data/object_detail.tres
res://Data/Object Data/panel_detail.tres
res://Data/Object Data/square_detail.tres
res://Data/Object Data/text_detail.tres
res://Scripts/Managers/game-manager.gd
res://Scripts/Core/core.gd
res://Scripts/Objects/anime_object_tree.gd
res://Scripts/UI/Data Panel/property_item.gd
res://Prefabs/Animake Objects/text.tscn
res://Data/Object Property Data/text_data.tres
res://Scripts/UI/Timeline Panel/timeline_canvas.gd
res://Font/JetbrainMono.tres
